docs: merge report guide (#24246)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/merge-report-js.md

---

> id: mock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: merge-report
```

Reviewer 2: This should be test-merge-report instead?

Author: Done. Renamed to test-merge-report-js.md

title: "Merging multiple reports"
---

## Introduction

> When running tests on multiple shards, each shard will get its own report with the results of the tests from only one shard. In many cases it's more convenient to see all tests results from all shards in one report. That can be achieved by producing blob reports on the individual shards and combining them into a single report via playwright cli as the post processing step. At the high level the process consists of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running tests on multiple shards, each shard will get its own report with the results of the tests from only one shard. In many cases it's more convenient to see all test results from all shards in one report. That can be achieved by producing blob reports on the individual shards and combining them into a single report via playwright cli as the post processing step. At the high level the process consists of the following steps:
```

> When running tests on multiple shards, each shard will get its own report with the results of the tests from only one shard. In many cases it's more convenient to see all tests results from all shards in one report. That can be achieved by producing blob reports on the individual shards and combining them into a single report via playwright cli as the post processing step. At the high level the process consists of the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running tests on multiple shards, each shard will get its own report with the results of the tests from only one shard. In many cases it's more convenient to see all tests results from all shards in one report. That can be achieved by producing blob reports on the individual shards and combining them into a single report via playwright CLI as the post processing step. At the high level the process consists of the following steps:
```

1. Get Playwright to produce `blob` report on every running shard.
2. Copy all blob reports into a single local directory.

> 3. Run `npx playwright merge-reports` on the blob reports data to generate combined html (or any other) report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run `npx playwright merge-reports` on the blob reports data to generate combined HTML (or any other) report.
```

I feel like the namespace boundaries are broken here since it belongs under the test command.

In the following sections we consider details of each step.

### Configuring shard reporting

We start by adding `blob` reporter to the config:

```js
export default defineConfig({
  testDir: './tests',
  reporter: [['blob', { outputDir: 'blob-report' }]],
});
```

> Blob report contains information about all the tests that were run and their results as well as all test attachments such as traces and screenshot diffs. Blob reports can be merged and can be converted to any other Playwright report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blob report contains information about all the tests that were run and their results as well as all test attachments such as traces and screenshot diffs. Blob reports can be merged and converted to any other Playwright report.
```

I think it's more readable like that, but not sure.

### Copying blob reports

>  On each machine running the tests we'll get a blob report under `blob-report` directory. Once the shards finish running the content of all `blob-report` directories needs to be copied into a single directory. All files inside blob-report directory have unique names, so don't worry about possible name collisions when copying the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 On each machine that is running tests we'll get a blob report under `blob-report` directory. Once all shards finish, contents of all `blob-report` directories should be copied into a single directory. All files inside `blob-report` directory have unique names, so don't worry about possible name collisions when copying the files.
```

>  On each machine running the tests we'll get a blob report under `blob-report` directory. Once the shards finish running the content of all `blob-report` directories needs to be copied into a single directory. All files inside blob-report directory have unique names, so don't worry about possible name collisions when copying the files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On each machine running the tests we'll get a blob report under `blob-report` directory. Once the shards finish running the content of all `blob-report` directories needs to be copied into a single directory. All files inside blob-report directory have unique names, so don't worry about possible name collisions when copying the files.
```

### Creating combined report

> Once all blob report files have been copied into a directory we can call `npx playwright merge-reports` which will combine the data and create any report you like. Assuming that you copied all blob reports into all-blob-reports directory, you can create an html report like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all blob report files have been copied into a directory we can call `npx playwright merge-reports` which will combine the data and create any report you like. Assuming that you copied all blob reports into `all-blob-reports` directory, you can create an html report like this:
```

> Once all blob report files have been copied into a directory we can call `npx playwright merge-reports` which will combine the data and create any report you like. Assuming that you copied all blob reports into all-blob-reports directory, you can create an html report like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once all blob report files have been copied into a directory we can call `npx playwright merge-reports` which will combine the data and create any report you like. Assuming that you copied all blob reports into all-blob-reports directory, you can create a HTML report like this:
```

```sh

> npx playwright merge-reportd --reporter html all-blob-reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx playwright merge-reports path/to/all-blob-reports --reporter html
```

```

> The command will write combined html report into `playwright-report`. You upload the report to your artifact storage 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will put a combined html report inside the `playwright-report` directory. Then you can upload the html report to your artifact storage or publish it somewhere.
```
